Update README.md (#56)
iamkroot/trakt-scrobbler: README.md

*   **Plex:** No server side set up is required, as the app uses the existing API. Do note that since this is a polling based approach, it will be inferior to Webhooks. So if you are a premium user of Plex, it is recommended to use that directly. This app is mainly useful for those users who don't need most of the features of Plex Pass.

*   **MPV:** Enable the [JSON IPC](https://mpv.io/manual/master/#json-ipc), **either** via .conf file or as a command line option:

>     *   **mpv.conf**: Adding `input-ipc-server=/tmp/mpvsocket` to the end of the mpv.conf file at `/home/%USER%/.config/mpv/mpv.conf`  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *   **mpv.conf**: Add `input-ipc-server=/tmp/mpvsocket` to the end of the `mpv.conf` file
```
(`Adding` -> `Add`, to match the imperative tense used everywhere)

Considering the mpv is cross platform, it would be better to either link to the docs where the config file location is shown, or simply write the locations for all 3 platforms in a bulleted list.
